[Music]
in India the appetite for everything
from street food to international fast
food to a meal at a sit-down restaurant
is growing India's Restaurant
Association says the industry is now
worth more than nine billion dollars and
expected to grow five to six percent
annually so it's no wonder that one of
India's most famous chefs is putting his
money behind a new concept in the
country 17 years ago Sanjeev Kapoor was
the first in the country to do a cooking
show on television and now you're about
to do something that does not exist yet
in India that's a 24-hour food and
lifestyle show what makes you think this
is going to work here I believe that
this is something which India needs
there's so many people who love food and
looking at the today my show is the
longest-running
television show across categories not
just food seven years so that there must
be something which people find
interesting and I think it's food it's
not me it's food when it comes to food
the number of dishes just like the
number of spices to choose from in India
will make your head spin
people take every hundred kilometres
language changes and food changes in
India dialect changes that hasn't
changed but Kapoor says the population
is starting to demand healthier choices
as the people are you know are doing
more conscious about their health and it
is so essential to have the home cook
fresh cook food in this stressful life
so I definitely think that yes it is
very essential to have a some source you
know where you can learn about new
recipes which is
many times and zooming and it is helpful
to the working women in India just
shopping for ingredients that experience
in and of itself supermarkets are quite
rare a new concept instead people
normally shop in street side markets
like this one including famous chefs
like Sanjeev Kapoor talents is important
is this - the culture of India we
Indians cannot live without not just
eating food but thinking and dreaming
about food anything discussing food and
Kippur hopes watching food being
prepared on television once India's
24-hour Food Network is launched
sometime this summer
Sara Sidner CNN Mumbai